docs: improve external-approval (#634)
bytebase/bytebase.com: content/docs/administration/webhook-integration/external-approval.md

![feishu app creation page](/static/docs/external-approval-feishu-create.webp)

### Step 2 - Upload Icon

> In the General info section of Credentials & Basic Info page, add [Bytebase icon](https://www.bytebase.com/brand).

Reviewer: We can inline icon image here /assets/logo-icon.svg

Author: We can't access files in /assets so we have to copy one to /static.

![feishu app creation page](/static/docs/external-approval-feishu-create.webp)

### Step 2 - Upload Icon

![Bytebase logo icon](/static/docs/logo-icon.svg)

> In the General info section of Credentials & Basic Info page, add [Bytebase icon](https://www.bytebase.com/brand).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the General info section of Credentials & Basic Info page, add the above Bytebase icon.
```

![feishu app permission page](/static/docs/external-approval-feishu-permission.webp)

### Step 4 - Enable app

In the Version Management & Release page of App Release, create a Version.

![feishu app release page](/static/docs/external-approval-feishu-enable-1.webp)

You can use 1.0.0 for App version and set availability to members who use Bytebase.

![feishu app release page version details](/static/docs/external-approval-feishu-enable-2.webp)

Set the availability and select those who use Bytebase.

![set availability on feishu app release page ](/static/docs/external-approval-feishu-availability.webp)

Submit for release.

![feishu app release submission page](/static/docs/external-approval-feishu-enable-3.webp)

Ask your **organization administrator** to approve the custom application in [Workspace / App review](https://feishu.cn/admin/appCenter/audit).

> Move to the next step when you see the app status is **"Enabled"**.

Reviewer: leave a new line between text and image
